(Episode 8)
Where are you right now?
Of course I'm in the library.
I have a bad feeling.
Your dad called to ask if I got you
a studio apartment.
When I said I didn't,
he said he'll check now.
What?
Myung Rang's studio apartment?
My goodness.
Mok Sin told me you got her...
a studio apartment for her to
get prepared for job interviews.
It's strange.
It's very strange.
Help me, Mom.
Since you're closer, stop Dad
from meeting Myung Rang.
Sir, please hurry up.
My life depends on it.
Please drive faster.
The receiver cannot pick up your
call. Please leave a message.
Why won't she pick up?
I keep growing a mustache.
I should thread it out.
Is my honey already here?
Why is she bothering me when I'm
trying to date after a long time?
Sorry, stop bothering me.
Should I shave it off?
Art Villa.
He said she's living at Art Villa.
Art Villa. There it is.
(Art Villa)
Oh, my. Wait a minute.
Wait a minute. Wait for me!
Couldn't they spare
just a few minutes?
Mok Shin likes undercooked noodles.
What should I make him today?
I'm going to get married
before I eat all of this.
Mok Shin is so impatient.
Okay, honey.
- Hello, ma'am.
- Myung Rang,
we don't have time. Let's go.
Why? Did war break out?
I'll explain later. Let's go. Hurry.
I need to cook ramyeon for Mok Sin.
What is wrong with you?
I need to do something important.
- I'll explain later.
- Gosh.
I need to cook for Mok Sin.
He's already on the third floor.
- Hurry.
- What's happening?
Mok Sin is about to come.
Isn't that Ru Ri's dad?
This all happened because of you.
It hurts.
The room number is 510.
Okay.
If I see who lives here,
I'll find out what is happening.
- Ru Ri.
What's happening right now?
Why is your dad here?
Is he here to catch me because
I went on your blind date?
Is that right? What should I do?
Mom, what should we do?
Did you think
you would never get caught?
What are you going to do? Dad will
be waiting in front of the door.
I'm not here as of this moment.
Goodbye.
How could you be so disloyal
and leave like that?
Loyalty isn't important right now.
Do me a favor, and take
all the blame for me.
Ma'am, take care.
- What about your honey, Mok Sin?
- I forgot about him.
What should I do?
I left my phone. Give me your phone.
- Hurry.
- Here.
- Hello?
- Mok Sin.
Thank goodness.
This is my friend's phone.
Where are you?
Couldn't you wait?
I'm on my way. I'm in the elevator.
No, don't come. You can't come.
Don't come.
- An emergency happened.
- I'm already here.
Just boil the water for ramyeon.
Mok Sin? Honey?
What should we do?
He's already here.
- What should we do?
- I don't know either.
Didn't you prepare for this when you
decided to do something like that?
This is not the time to say
something like that.
Please go up there,
and handle Ru Ri's dad. I beg you.
If Mok Sin finds out,
I'll be in trouble.
(Dad)
It's your old man.
I mean, your dad.
Mom.
I can't believe this.
What are you going to do?
Dad and that guy are about to meet.
Mom, please help me.
He's going to kill me
if he finds out.
There's only one way.
Here, call him.
I heard you were adopted
when you were six years old.
You came back home after 46 years.
I wanted to treat you
to a warm meal.
I'll take this away.
There's no need for that.
This is a priceless meal that was
prepared for me. I should eat it.
Does it fit your taste?
He said the correct answer.
A good memory is the best taste.
I can't forget the day I left
to the US to be adopted.
We were hungry, but we only had
doenjang sauce and boiled barley.
For the first time in my life,
I had white rice with a fried egg.
He's very considerate.
On top of that, he's very smart.
To survive in this industry,
he has to cook the food
his clients want...
instead of the food
he wants to cook.
He has already realized that.
Does that mean
Jung Tae Yang is good enough...
to be your successor?
I need to keep an eye on him.
What about your daughter
in Jeju Island?
If Ae Ri wants to
inherit the company,
she must compete for the position
just like everyone else.
A successor? Is that true?
Yes, that's why I'm asking
Jung Do to work for me.
When Chairman Kevin retires
from the post,
he said he's going to select his
successor among the employees.
But Jung Do isn't listening to me.
If only he becomes the successor,
I'll have the control
of the company in no time.
What's worse is that Jung
Hwa Young's son is involved now.
Things have gotten messier.
Is there a way we can fix this?
First off,
we need to get Jung Tae Yang
out of picture.
- Congratulations on getting a job
- My dear Tae Yang
This is so lame.
You didn't have to do this.
Stop lying. You're smiling
from ear to ear.
But let me ask you one thing.
Are you really going to work
at SC Food and Beverage?
Why wouldn't I? It was so hard
for me to get a job there.
What he means is you can get a job
anywhere else with your resume.
I got it. Isn't it because
of that scary grandma?
What do you mean? Who's the
scary grandma?
- Hello?
- This is Choi Sun Young.
Yes, what is this regarding?
I need to talk to you. Come
to the cafe in front of your house.
Right now?
Who is it?
Are you stupid enough to tell
Jung Do who's calling you?
Okay.
I need to teach a class now.
That was sudden.
- See you later.
- Okay.
- Give me. Give me what I asked.
- What you asked me?
The guy who was digging
Hwa Young's past.
Give me his contact.
Oh, no. What should I do?
I had the business card, but I can't
find it. I looked everywhere.
- You moron.
- Come on.
There you go with your temper.
Use that hand
to hold your cards only.
You brat. Do you know
how much I can make from this?
You said he seemed
like he was pretty rich.
Right. I remember it now.
On the business card,
it said that he was
from SC Food and Beverage.
What is his name?
His name was...
I can't remember.
His last name was Kim.
Why don't you just
go to the company?
Do you want me to look like a fool?
A lot of people must have the same
last name at the company.
You're driving me crazy.
I'd be a fool not to play cards
at the table tonight.
Where can I get the money?
Are you still gambling?
Please stop gambling.
Jung Hwa Young.
That's right. She has her
past relationship to blame.
What is it that you want
to talk about?
I have a class soon. Please hurry.
Because Jung Do is staying
with you now, do you think...
he'll stay with you forever?
Don't kid yourself.
My son has high standards.
He's just playing
with a used toy like you.
If that was the point of this,
you came to the wrong person.
If you want to take your son away,
tell him that yourself.
But no one will understand you
for pretending to be his mother...
after he has grown up already.
What? Don't you know who I am?
I am Jung Do's mother.
You ought to beg on your knees.
How dare you...
If you wanted to be treated like his
mom, you should've done your duty.
I'll get going.
I guess you decided to go berserk.
There's no point or reason for me...
to listen to you.
Sit.
Old lady, sit down.
Do you want to kill your own son?
He just turned 30.
Wouldn't it be a shame
for him to end his life now?
What do you mean?
I came to put you in your place
as it seems you have forgotten it.
You'd better figure this out right.
It's not the time for you...
to be happy just because
you son got a job.
I asked what you meant by that.
You told me to
do my duty as a mother.
Is your relationship with your son
not good like mine?
If you've been paying attention
to him, you should've understood me.
Tell me. What did my son do?
You know...
he fell down the stairs
in the second round, don't you?
In the final round, he was
locked inside the freezer...
and was transported
to the emergency medical center.
You didn't know that?
What?
So you're telling me...
that you were behind all of this?
Then do you think those misfortunes
happened to him coincidentally?
Two misfortunes in a row?
Why?
Will you splash it on me?
Even if your love life was messy,
and you got married three times,
you want to be polite
since I'm Jung Do's birth mother?
If you have a bit of conscience,
stop standing in my way,
and get rid of Jung Tae Yang
from my company.
Let me warn you loud and clear.
When I put my mind to it,
I follow through.
You know, don't you?
I even killed my own son.
Do you think I can't kill yours?
Unless you want your son to die...
Let me warn you too.
If you want to,
try it.
Just like you said,
since I had a lot of men in my life
and got married three times,
your threat doesn't scare
me one bit.
Is that so? Are you saying
even if your son...
And since my son grew up
watching me,
he's just as strong.
So don't make a rash move.
Starting now, if you touch
a strand of my son's hair,
I won't let you off.
Understood?
Hey, stop right there.
Goodness, why isn't she picking up?
I have to go and gamble.
Come here. Come here!
Let go of me.
What's going on?
Is that Jung Hwa Young?
Where are you, Mr. Kim?
Mr. Kim?
On the business card,
it said that he was
from SC Food and Beverage.
His last name was Kim.
Taxi!
Sir, I'll double your fee.
Follow the vehicle
with the plate number, 1739.
Come on. Speed up.
Jung Hwa Young.
I'll make you regret.
Lee Ru Ri!
Ru Ri! Ru Ri!
What is this regarding?
Who are you?
I asked you first.
I'm the boyfriend
of the girl who lives here.
Is that so?
Who is the girl that lives here?
Who on earth are you?
Goodness!
Hey! I'm older than you!
Hold on.
He went to an engineering school,
and he's a promising...
assistant manager at the Korea
Expressway Corporation.
I see. Aren't you Oh Mok Sin?
Aren't you Oh Dong Ki's son, the
oriental medicine clinic's owner?
Yes, I am. Who are you, sir?
I'm Ru Ri's dad.
Sorry? Oh, you are?
Let me introduce myself.
Is this Ru Ri's studio apartment?
You didn't know?
We had ramyeon twice here.
I see.
You're certain that this is
Ru Ri's studio apartment, right?
Yes, I've been helping her with her
job searching here.
I came here again to help her
prepare for interviews.
Is that so?
So Won said he got a second house.
This must be the place then.
I don't think she's inside
right now.
Wait for her here then.
Obviously,
focus on your studies first.
By the way,
why did you say...
that my daughter's eyes are small?
I'm sorry.
I've never seen someone who had
smaller eyes than myself.
What? She has
smaller eyes than yours?
Have you taken
any photos with my daughter?
She pestered me so much,
so we took photos last week.
Here.
This is too small. It's hard to see.
Wait a minute.
- Yes.
- Are you the car owner of 8612?
Could you move your car?
Okay, I'll go.
I'm sorry, I have to move my car.
Okay.
Mom, what should I tell him?
Why are you asking me that?
You should say it.
It's better for an elder to say it.
I'm already embarrassed
for doing this much.
I'm going to go. You're on your own.
- He's here.
- What?
Mr. Oh Mok Sin!
Who are you?
I'm the real Lee Ru Ri.
My dad wanted me to go
on a blind date.
But I sent my friend,
Lee Myung Rang instead.
That means your girlfriend...
is my friend Myung Rang, not me.
Wait a minute.
I don't know
what you're talking about.
Mok Sin, my honey.
That's her.
I'm sorry.
In short,
I went on the blind date...
instead of her.
This big-eyed person is Lee Ru Ri.
This cute small-eyed person
is Lee Myung Rang.
I'm really sorry. I didn't know
things would get this big.
Anyway, my dad should never
find out about this.
Please help us.
Just tell him that she is Ru Ri,
not Myung Rang.
That's right, my honey.
It doesn't matter if I'm Ru Ri or
Myung Rang. My love is the same.
I've never seen such a crazy pair.
I feel awful.
You guys are telling me that
you fooled me.
How dare you!
We didn't do that on purpose.
- Hey, Big-eye.
- Yes?
Put up your guard,
I think I'm going to punch you.
- Small-eye!
- Yes?
I'm warning you. If I see
your face one more time,
I'm going to bury you in the ground.
Both of you are ugly like gukbap.
Ru Ri, what does he mean?
He means we're both way too ugly.
But how could he...
How could someone be like that?
You're right.
Beauty is in the eye
of the beholder.
Just consider yourself unlucky.
That's right.
It's your dad's fault to bring him
as your future husband.
We forgot about dad.
Mom, what should we do?
I can't believe this.
I'm choosing friendship over love.
I'll handle this. You two can go.
- What are you going to do?
I'm good at handling men.
I'll be back.
Go, Myung Rang. Please do your best.
- I need to talk to you.
- What?
Why is it taking him so long
to move his car?
Sir, do you live here?
You have a package.
Excuse me, I don't live here.
What is this?
Lee Myung Rang?
Wait a minute.
Isn't she Ru Ri's friend?
The man from the blind date.
Oh Mok Sin, who works at
Korea Expressway Corporation.
I've never seen someone who had
smaller eyes than myself.
Dong Ki, I heard that Mok Sin and
Ru Ri took some photos.
Send them if you have them.
(Send me Mok Sin and
Ru RI's photos.)
Are you out of your mind?
What will you do?
You were never in trouble
while growing up.
Are you going to cause trouble now
and make me worried to death?
Mom, it hurts.
I'm slapping you as a punishment.
Even if we manage to get out
of this situation,
what will you do if he finds out?
It's not something
to be angry about.
It's something to celebrate.
- What did you say?
- Think about it.
If I married that brat, Oh Mok Sin,
he would've been your son-in-law.
What would you do then?
Since Myung Rang and I did this,
we found out about him earlier.
We were lucky enough to avoid
a brat like him.
Oh, my. Are you serious?
Will your dad think like that after
hearing this and be forgiving?
I have something else
to persuade him.
What's gotten into you?
What is it?
I'll tell you properly later.
Mom, today's a really good day.
It's a lucky day.
What?
The universe is helping me now.
We'll manage to handle
this situation.
Don't worry, and get some rest.
- See you later.
- Hey, Ru Ri.
Where on earth are you going?
- Work.
- Work?
What are you talking about?
(Mok Sin and Ru Ri forever)
Goodness. Hello, sir.
Why are you here?
Are you here to see Ru Ri?
Ru Ri and I share this place
together to study.
(Mok Sin and Ru Ri forever)
I'm sorry. Please forgive me.
When I put my mind to it,
I follow through.
I even killed my own son.
Do you think I can't kill yours?
Why, did someone die?
I already told you,
let's not think about money.
People who love money...
- can't love people.
- Do something about your mother.
Did you meet her earlier?
I didn't want to worry you,
but I can't help it.
Tae Yang's life is in danger.
What are you talking about?
She shoved him down the stairs.
She also locked him up in the fridge
so he had to go to the hospital.
Did she say that?
She wants me to make him quit
to save his life.
What a crazy woman. She's crazy.
What are you going to do?
I'm going to see her boss and
tell him what she really is like.
She's too meticulous to leave
any evidence.
I can't believe this!
First, let's make him quit.
There's no reason for Tae Yang
to endure this over there.
Stop him going to work.
I know why now.
I thought something was strange.
I felt someone shove
me down the stairs.
The fridge door was also open.
This will continue as long as
you work with her.
What does she want?
She wants us to get divorced.
What?
There's no reason to
sacrifice yourself.
I'll find a job for you.
Let's just give up.
I pretended to not care,
but let's just give up.
Mom, I'm a man.
I'm born to not give up.
My whole life is on that company.
It strangely felt like destiny.
Meeting Chairman Kevin in Bali...
and Ru Ri being my assistant
felt like destiny.
I think it's a sign to stop
wandering and settle down.
- Tae Yang.
- Dad.
Do you love mom?
Then protect her, not me.
I'm not going to let this happen
for the third time...
because I know
who my opponent is now.
I'll come home after dinner.
Tae Yang.
It's my first day of work.
I'll be back later.
Wish me luck.
(SC Food and Beverage)
Excuse me, hold the elevator.
All right. So your office
is on the third floor.
Can we have a talk?
I'm the Chief of Food Laboratory.
Did you let a peddler
into the company?
Come on.
Don't you want to?
I have so many things I want to
share with you about Jung Hwa Young.
Don't worry. I will go there...
and either threaten or beg her
not to hurt...
Tae Yang again.
Do you think that will work?
Then what should we do?
Should we stop Tae Yang
from getting employed?
Both Choi Sun Young and Tae Yang...
won't listen to us.
There is only one way to
protect Tae Yang.
What is it? Tell me.
I will do everything
I can do to help.
We should...
do as she wants.
What?
Even I'm surprised by my decision.
All my life,
I thought nothing was as precious
to me as my children.
But I don't think I will be able
to break up with you.
If I let you go,
everything will work out.
She won't be able to
do anything to my child.
But I just can't.
I can't let you go.
If I break up with you,
I might never be able to become
happy again.
I want to believe in Tae Yang...
who told me she won't be able
to hurt him again,
rather than go back
to the unhappy life I once had.
Do I even deserve to be a mother?
Just promise me one thing.
From now on, however hard
our life gets,
don't run away.
You can be a selfish mother,
but you shouldn't be a coward.
I believe it will work out.
Can you promise me that?
Oh, my.
Tell me.
Start by introducing yourself.
Me? I'm Kim Jin Ho.
I am Jung Hwa Young's ex-husband.
And who are you?
Why do you want to know about her?
You don't need to know.
Tell me everything you know
about that woman.
How much will you pay me?
I'll decide after
you answer my question.
Your company's juice...
tastes delicious.
Thank you for the juice. Gosh.
How much do you want?
Give me your hand. Give it to me.
Send me an adequate amount
of money to this account.
Hey.
Why do you think there is no record
of her before she was 20 years old?
What is the reason?
She wasn't registered...
before she met me.
She wasn't registered?
Does that mean she had no family?
She told me that she escaped from
an orphanage when she was young,
and after that, she wandered around
without being registered.
Who knows what really happened?
She was too smart for a woman
of such background.
She's good at English too.
So she got registered
only after she met you...
when she was 20 years old?
That's right.
I was used by her.
She didn't marry me
because she loved me.
She married me because
she wanted to get registered.
To send her son to school,
she needed to be registered.
That is why she lured me.
She got her identification
after she married me.
So what really happened to her
in the past?
Okay, this is enough.
I will tell you more
after I check the money.
To be continued. See you next time.
Bye.
Hey.
Hey!
She wasn't registered.
What was she trying to hide?
My sister's life was ruined
because of you.
You should take responsibility
to atone now.
What is your name?
It's Su Mi. Jung Su Mi.
How old are you?
I'm the same age as So Won.
I met her when I went volunteering
back in the sophomore year.
Are you in medical school as well?
No, I'm working as a nurse
at a private hospital.
Oh, is that so?
A nurse.
What do your parents do
for a living?
My dad died when I was young.
So I live with my mom
and two younger sisters.
Then you must be
the head of the household.
Yes, but my sisters are kind,
so it's worth it.
Your mom must be so proud you.
Mom, her mom is ill right now.
So I wanted to get engaged to her
before I serve in the army.
Would that be all right?
Engaged?
That's a little too abrupt.
What? Well,
you should get engaged.
If you go to the army, you won't be
able to care for each other as much.
You need to make sure before you go.
Thank you, Father.
See? My father is more
open-minded than you think.
I'm sorry to tell you this,
but I got married last month.
I'm moving to the US.
I got married to someone rich
enough to take care of my sisters.
Let's forget each other
and live happily.
Don't bite your nails.
It's not good for your baby.
Don't shake your legs.
It's won't bring you any luck.
I'm doing this because I'm nervous.
It's driving me insane.
Gosh, I'm going crazy too.
Ms. Ha Yeon Ju, come inside.
We have your test results.
Okay. What does it say, Doctor?
Is it good news or bad news?
It's good news, right?
I had the medicines
as you told me to.
I also exercised and ate good food.
I went to see a fortune teller,
I put marbles on my panties, and...
We do trust modern medicine,
but we just tried everything.
It's good news, right?
I'm sorry.
We gave you the medicine that would
induce normal ovulation,
but it didn't work.
What?
What should I do then?
I told you that my husband thinks
that I'm pregnant.
Thinking about this makes me
want to run away in my sleep.
It's driving me crazy, Doctor.
In fact, the most important part of
this treatment is not the medicine,
but calming your mind
and not getting stressed out.
Hey,
who gets stressed out
because they want to?
Do you enjoy being stressed?
I paid you so much
to receive treatment.
You need to make something happen.
How can you just tell us that
you can't do anything about this?
- Ma'am, that's not what I meant.
- What is it then?
Mom. I'm so sorry, Doctor.
My mom tends to use
strong words when she gets upset.
Next time, you should come here
with your husband.
- What?
- Why?
Why would a man need to come here?
We need a long-term plan for
polycystic ovarian syndrome.
If you two want a child,
your husband needs to
cooperate actively.
If you hide this, you will neither
treat it nor have children.
So you need to come here
with your husband next time.
That's what I said too.
If you had told us this beforehand,
I wouldn't have been angry.
You've got the right answer.
Well done.
Yeon Ju, tell him.
Tell him the truth. Call him.
- Mom.
- Tell him the truth.
I knew it.
When will you grow up?
You'll be a mom soon.
You shouldn't drink coffee.
- Actually...
- That reminds me.
You've lost weight.
Do you already have
morning sickness?
No. Not at all.
I have something to confess.
Wait. There's something I have to
give you before that.
Give me your hand.
What's this?
- Honey.
- I've been very busy...
that I couldn't focus on you
even though you're pregnant.
Someone told me...
we'll have a healthy baby
if we have baby shoes ready.
Our baby, Kyuh La,
will find us all healthy...
with those shoes.
Honey. I'm sorry.
What's wrong?
Are you touched?
Don't cry.
There's nothing to cry for.
I'll treat you even better
from now on.
Come on.
I can't watch you anymore.
How can you not notice it?
Did you really go to Seoul
National University?
How can you be so stupid?
Don't you get what's happening?
You should've noticed it already...
if she's crying so much
in middle of the day.
Why can't you notice...
that there must be something wrong?
Mother.
Do you know how difficult...
and rough it is to be pregnant?
Right. Honey. I'm not pregnant.
I can't get pregnant due to
polycystic ovarian syndrome.
I'm sorry.
She was in so much pain...
after she found out.
It hurt me even more to watch her.
I almost vomited blood.
Why didn't you tell me?
I thought you'd be disappointed.
I thought you'd hate me.
I've never seen you so happy.
You never treated me...
so warmly and nicely.
I felt like we're really
a married couple.
I'm sorry.
I guess I'm a useless idiot.
I'm sorry, honey.
I'm sorry. It's all my fault.
I made you suffer.
Don't cry. Don't cry.
I'll change.
Oh, my.
What made you change?
Wonders will never cease.
A misfortune turned into a blessing.
I can't believe what I'm seeing.
Oh, my. I'm so happy.
Fine.
I should be responsible
for what I did.
I won't be swayed by the past.
Nurse Jo. Hand over Oh Han Gyul
to the police tomorrow.
(Do you want to delete the image?)
(Our love will last forever.)
Ru Ri didn't want to go
on a blind date,
so I went there for her instead.
She always disappoints me.
She always cries.
Now she even stabs me in the back.
I'll teach her a lesson today.
So Won.
Come home tonight.
You'll find out when you come.
Okay.
You'll be in danger as long as
you stay in that company.
I can't explain everything,
but she's dangerous.
She'll do everything to achieve
her goal.
- What are you doing?
- Gosh!
Manager Jung.
My gosh.
How many places did you go to?
I only went to three places
because I ran out of time.
I'm going to visit all stores
in Seoul by this week.
All of them?
I was so jealous of my friends
who work.
I finally got me a job that
I've been searching for three years.
I really want to do my best.
It's not even your first day yet.
Don't exhaust yourself.
We'll have to do this as a team
anyway.
Seriously, Manager Jung.
- Oh, my!
- Stone!
Come home early!
Why would you be home late?
I have an important plan.
Mom. How's Dad?
Gosh.
Luckily, your dad
hasn't noticed it yet.
Still, if he finds out,
we'll both be dead.
You have to be careful!
I'm going to kill the two of you!
Come home early!
You went to three stores,
but you haven't eaten yet?
Did you forget I eat a lot?
I tried the popular menu
at every store.
And what did you think?
Chef is the best job.
- It is?
- Look.
Do you like it?
Over there too.
They all look happy,
don't you think?
So I noticed...
everyone comes to our restaurant...
to celebrate or to share joy.
I'm so glad to work here.
If our food tastes bad,
we'll ruin their joy.
Don't worry.
As much as I lack,
I'm going to try harder
to fill in the gap.
What's all this?
I'm sorry. I must've gotten excited,
but I'm really excited.
I can't believe I found something
I can do in this society.
I feel relaxed...
and less stressed by meeting you.
Why? Did something happen to you?
Some tough incidents might happen.
Are you sure you can do well
and follow me?
Manager Jung.
I trust you.
Sure. I'll try my best.
I'm looking forward to the time
we'll spend together.
Me too.
Can I order some dessert?
No.
They're...
Jung Tae Yang. The more I see him,
the more I like him.
Chairman Kevin.
He looks familiar for some reason.
He's a lot like me
when I was 20 years old.
His eyes look similar to yours.
Really?
Eat up.
Gosh, you surprised me.
Why are you so surprised?
- Did you do something wrong?
- Of course not.
I was surprised because you were...
standing there without
saying anything.
Real estate agents
will come home to look around.
Did you put it on sale?
I told you before.
For Ru Ri to get married in October,
we need to sell this house
and move to Namyangju.
I...
Honey, I don't think...
Ru Ri and that man will get married.
What? What are you talking about?
Dong Ki wants them to get married
as soon as possible.
No, that's not true.
Ru Ri isn't going to marry him.
What?
Do I have something on my face?
No, it's just a little strange.
They tell me...
that they're seeing each other
happily.
Why are you saying things like that?
Are you hiding something from me?
No, of course not.
What would I be hiding from you?
They must be home.
Relax. Relax.
Why did you bring a cake?
He bought it for me.
I met her in front of the house.
She told me there was something
we need to celebrate.
I don't know what it is,
but we'll celebrate it together.
All right. Well done.
It's been a while since we had
all the original members at home.
Let's go eat.
Hey, Ru Ri.
Why are you so late?
Dad.
I... That is...
Dong Ki said
you went on a date with Oh Mok Sin.
Did you have dinner with him?
What? Dinner?
Tell him that you did.
Yes, we did.
We had dinner, tea, and...
Is that true?
- How dare you?
- Oh, my.
- Father.
- Honey.
Move.
Calm down.
I don't know what you heard...
I told you to move.
Honey.
Move!
Dad.
Dad, I'm sorry.
Shut your filthy mouth.
- Dad.
- Do you think life is easy?
Or do you think I'm someone
you can look down upon?
No. Dad, it's not like that.
I told you to shut your mouth.
You are so stupid, and yet
I don't know where you learned...
that bad habit of lying so easily
whenever you speak.
Is that how I taught you to be?
I'm sorry, Dad. But...
Kneel down.
Wait, honey.
I know why you are angry,
and I think it's only normal.
You should kneel down too.
- Father.
- Don't interrupt.
Kneel down!
Kneel down.
Kneel down. Kneel down.
If you have any conscience left,
put your hand on your heart
and ask yourselves...
what you have done.
Are you trying to kill me
after I had a stroke?
You lied to me,
and you stab me in the back
by buying a studio apartment.
That's not all.
I, Lee... Lee... Lee Shin Mo,
have gained my trust
with great friends...
with great hardship
for the last 60 years.
You not only broke that trust
at a slit second,
but also made me a laughing stock.
What would people say about me?
They would think of me
as a complete fool...
who cannot manage
his wife and his daughter.
- Shin Mo.
- You are worse.
If this stupid daughter of ours
goes the wrong way,
you should have tried to help her
to go the right way.
You dare play along
with her insane plans?
You don't deserve to be a mother.
I warned you.
I told you not to interfere
with what I do with my children.
Why did you break your promise,
and why did you act up?
Lee Ru Ri, stand up.
- Stand up.
- Mom.
Hong Young Hye.
What are you doing?
You said I didn't keep my promise,
right?
Then did you keep yours?
You told me clearly...
that you won't look down upon me...
and treat me as an equal
as your partner.
But is making me kneel down
in front of my children...
what you call
treating me as an equal?
Hey, you!
I know it was wrong to lie to you.
But I don't think...
it's something I need to kneel down
to apologize to you.
Neither does Ru Ri.
What?
And you need to know...
that you are not our master.
I gave birth to her,
but now she's fully grown.
No one can tell her what to do.
Even if you are...
the best and smartest father
you insist you are.
She's right, Dad.
I don't want to get married to
Oh Mok Sin.
Even if it were a different person,
I don't want to get married now.
All I've done in my life...
is going to school.
I don't want to get married
against my will.
Really?
Yes.
From now on,
I want to decide what to do
in my life.
You want to decide what to do?
What do you want to do?
Do you want to lie to your father,
go to a different country,
and work like a servant
for the tourists?
Do you want to live together
with a strange brat like him?
Are you acting up to me...
because I stopped you
from ruining your life?
Dad. That's not it.
Gosh, my head.
Are you all right?
Send these two out.
My wife and daughter are both
trying to kill me.
If I listen to them more,
my blood vessels will all burst.
Gosh, it hurts.
My vessels. Oh, my.
Honey, so please calm down
and listen to me.
Let me go. Leave.
- Honey.
- Why aren't you leaving?
Get out. This is an order.
All right.
When you calm down,
we should have a talk.
I have a lot of things
I want to tell you.
- Let's go.
- Gosh.
- Mom.
Look how arrogant they are.
Hey.
Don't go anywhere
and stay in the lobby.
You should think about
what you did wrong...
and repent all night long.
You are so disgraceful!
Gosh.
Oh, my.
(Lee Kyuh La)
He made a nickname for your baby.
Life is like a war.
I want your baby to win
in everything.
What am I to do?
Mom. Mom! Mom!
What is it?
Mom, why do you think
Father called So Won?
Do you think he found out
that I'm not carrying a baby,
and he's scolding him?
What should I do? What if
he wants us to get a divorce?
Shut your mouth.
Why are you so negative?
Why are you so cowardly?
Your father-in-law can't do anything
bad to me.
Why not?
He has the same view of life.
What is that?
Money is power.
Buildings last forever.
We are a family. Don't worry.
I'm going back to sleep.
Gosh, why is she so worried?
Have this medicine,
and get some rest.
Tell me the truth.
Do you regret marrying Yeon Ju?
Was I wrong to set you up?
No, Father. You did the right thing.
Honestly, it was hard at first
because there was no love,
but I'm glad I didn't marry Su Mi.
Don't even talk about her.
You'll never see her again
in your life.
Yes. I agree with you.
Look.
Even though you're so smart,
you still obey me,
but why would those stupid
mother and daughter...
go against me?
It's all for their good.
I'll talk to them on the way out.
Take a rest now.
Get her warm gukbap.
Your mom even skipped dinner.
Is that how much you love Mom?
Be quiet. Don't embarrass me.
She must be regretting now...
and crying so much.
- Dead drunk
- I'm exhausted
- Before my heart stops
- Come back please
It's fun!
- Before my heart stops
- Come back please
- Yes!
Applause!
Oh, it was hard.
How is it, Mom?
Does it relieve your stress?
Yes. I should've done this earlier.
- Hey, Lee Ru Ri.
- Yes?
Whatever Dad says,
don't ever quit
SC Food and Beverage.
- Get it?
- Really?
Then what about Manager Jung?
His conditions are bad,
but he sounds like a good guy.
Really?
- Mom.
- My goodness.
Hey, remember this.
Don't love men so easily.
Your dad was so nice at first.
Take it slow.
It's never too late to love him...
even after you spend a year
with him.
I get it, Mom.
I love you.
Hey, let's sing.
Let's relieve the 30 years
of stress.
Okay.
- Dead drunk
- I'm drunk
- I'm captivated by...
- your scent
Why was he in my dream?
Something doesn't feel right.
She's beautiful. Who's she?
She's a dangerous woman.
Is it Jung Tae Yang's first day
today?
I'm worried the menu development
winners will oppose.
It's the world of unlimited
competition.
They can quit
if they have a problem.
This is related to inheriting the
company.
You shouldn't be interested in
only one person.
I'm not sure why,
but I can't stop being interested
in him.
You're embarrassing me!
I'm not a baby.
You can't drive me
on my first day of work.
I had a bad dream.
I don't want you to drive today.
Always be careful, and work hard.
That's enough.
I'm not joining the army.
Go now, Ms. Jung.
Bye.
I will handle that matter.